DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

## Current Live Deployment
🌐 **Live Demo**: [https://traycer-lite.vercel.app/](https://traycer-lite.vercel.app/)

## Pre-Deployment Checklist

### ✅ Code Quality
- [ ] All tests passing (`npm run test`)
- [ ] Build successful (`npm run build`)
- [ ] No TypeScript errors
- [ ] ESLint warnings addressed
- [ ] Code committed and pushed to main branch

### ✅ Environment Configuration
- [ ] `.env.local` configured for local development
- [ ] Environment variables added to deployment platform:
  - `GROQ_API_KEY`
  - `GROQ_MODEL=llama-3.3-70b-versatile`
  - `GROQ_MAX_TOKENS=4096`
  - `GROQ_TEMPERATURE=0.1`

### ✅ Security
- [ ] API keys not exposed in client-side code
- [ ] Environment variables properly configured
- [ ] HTTPS enforced
- [ ] No sensitive data in repository

## Deployment Platforms

### Vercel (Current)
1. Connect GitHub repository
2. Configure environment variables in dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main
4. Custom domain: `traycer-lite.vercel.app`

### Alternative Platforms

#### Netlify
```bash
# Build settings
Build command: npm run build
Publish directory: .next
```

#### Railway
```bash
# Add environment variables via dashboard
# Deploy with one-click from GitHub
```

## Post-Deployment Verification

### ✅ Functionality Tests
- [ ] Home page loads correctly
- [ ] Plan generation works with test input
- [ ] Step execution produces diffs
- [ ] Drag and drop reordering works
- [ ] Export functionality works
- [ ] Mobile responsiveness verified

### ✅ Performance
- [ ] Initial load time < 2 seconds
- [ ] API responses < 30 seconds
- [ ] No console errors
- [ ] Lighthouse score > 90

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **Build fails**: Check TypeScript errors and dependencies
2. **API not working**: Verify environment variables
3. **Slow responses**: Check Groq API quota and rate limits
4. **UI broken**: Verify Tailwind CSS build process

### Monitoring
- Check Vercel dashboard for deployment logs
- Monitor API usage in Groq console
- Track user analytics if configured

## Future Improvements
- [ ] Add CI/CD pipeline with automated testing
- [ ] Set up monitoring and alerting
- [ ] Configure custom domain
- [ ] Add database for plan persistence
- [ ] Implement user authentication

Commit message:

feat: added copy ready to use and fallback strat and before and after file comparision view

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

## Current Live Deployment
🌐 **Live Demo**: [https://traycer-lite.vercel.app/](https://traycer-lite.vercel.app/)

**Latest Features** ✨
- Complete file reconstruction system with ready-to-use corrected files
- Enhanced JSON parsing with robust error recovery for LLM responses
- Dark mode support with proper contrast throughout the UI
- Before/after file comparison views for transparency

## Pre-Deployment Checklist

### ✅ Code Quality
- [ ] All tests passing (`npm run test`)
- [ ] Build successful (`npm run build`)
- [ ] No TypeScript errors
- [ ] ESLint warnings addressed
- [ ] Code committed and pushed to main branch

### ✅ Environment Configuration
- [ ] `.env.local` configured for local development
- [ ] Environment variables added to deployment platform:
  - `GROQ_API_KEY`
  - `GROQ_MODEL=llama-3.3-70b-versatile`
  - `GROQ_MAX_TOKENS=4096`
  - `GROQ_TEMPERATURE=0.1`

### ✅ Security
- [ ] API keys not exposed in client-side code
- [ ] Environment variables properly configured
- [ ] HTTPS enforced
- [ ] No sensitive data in repository

## Deployment Platforms

### Vercel (Current)
1. Connect GitHub repository
2. Configure environment variables in dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main
4. Custom domain: `traycer-lite.vercel.app`

### Alternative Platforms

#### Netlify
```bash
# Build settings
Build command: npm run build
Publish directory: .next
```

#### Railway
```bash
# Add environment variables via dashboard
# Deploy with one-click from GitHub
```

## Post-Deployment Verification

### ✅ Functionality Tests
- [ ] Home page loads correctly
- [ ] Plan generation works with test input
- [ ] Step execution produces diffs
- [ ] Drag and drop reordering works
- [ ] Export functionality works
- [ ] Mobile responsiveness verified

### ✅ Performance
- [ ] Initial load time < 2 seconds
- [ ] API responses < 30 seconds
- [ ] No console errors
- [ ] Lighthouse score > 90

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **Build fails**: Check TypeScript errors and dependencies
2. **API not working**: Verify environment variables
3. **Slow responses**: Check Groq API quota and rate limits
4. **UI broken**: Verify Tailwind CSS build process

### Monitoring
- Check Vercel dashboard for deployment logs
- Monitor API usage in Groq console
- Track user analytics if configured

## Future Improvements
- [ ] Add CI/CD pipeline with automated testing
- [ ] Set up monitoring and alerting
- [ ] Configure custom domain
- [ ] Add database for plan persistence
- [ ] Implement user authentication
